README.md, before:

# Shopify Frontend Internship Challenge - Yusef Mustafa

## Overview

This is my Shopify Frontend Internship challenge submission. This is a simple React web app which uses `react-bootstrap` for the UI and conditionally renders parts of the page. I implemented all of the required features and chose to use `react-horizontal-scrolling-menu` as the main UI for rendering the list of movies.

## Setup

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`

## Features
* Error handling for search queries
* An alert appears if the user attempts to nominate more than 5 movies
* The user is notified when they complete all nominations in the top nav bar
* Movie posters are rendered
* Instead of just disabling the "Nominate" button, I chose to change it to "Remove Nomination" so that the user does not have to find it in the nomination list to remove. This is especially useful if they accidentally nominate a movie.

I would have loved to work on more features but I'm currently finishing up my finals.

## Future Improvements
* Unit tests
* Moving code into separate components

Commit message:

update README with heroku link

README.md, after:

# Shopify Frontend Internship Challenge - Yusef Mustafa

## Overview

This is my Shopify Frontend Internship challenge submission. This is a simple React web app which uses `react-bootstrap` for the UI and conditionally renders parts of the page. I implemented all of the required features and chose to use `react-horizontal-scrolling-menu` as the main UI for rendering the list of movies.

View the live web app on Heroku [here](https://shoppiesnominationtool.herokuapp.com/).

## Setup

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`

## Features
* Error handling for search queries
* An alert appears if the user attempts to nominate more than 5 movies
* The user is notified when they complete all nominations in the top nav bar
* Movie posters are rendered
* Instead of just disabling the "Nominate" button, I chose to change it to "Remove Nomination" so that the user does not have to find it in the nomination list to remove. This is especially useful if they accidentally nominate a movie.

I would have loved to work on more features but I'm currently finishing up my finals.

## Future Improvements
* Unit tests
* Moving code into separate components
